content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Maria Pangoli

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: ''

# Status emoji
status:
  icon: ☕️

# Organizations/Affiliations
#organizations:
#- name: 腾讯
#  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Lorem Ipsum

#interests:
#- Artificial Intelligence
#- Computational Linguistics
#- Information Retrieval

#education:
#  courses:
#  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Stanford University
#    year: 2012
#  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
#    year: 2009
#  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
#    year: 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:test@example.org'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: instagram
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://instagram.com/

# Uncomment below for Github link
#- icon: github
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://github.com/gcushen

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
#email: ""
---

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

Commit message:

Modified "about" and "adidas season" pages.

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Maria Pangoli

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: ''

# Status emoji
status:
  icon: ☕️

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: "mariapangoli@hotmail.com"
  url: "mailto:mariapangoli@hotmail.com"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
# bio: Lorem Ipsum

#interests:
#- Artificial Intelligence
#- Computational Linguistics
#- Information Retrieval

#education:
#  courses:
#  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Stanford University
#    year: 2012
#  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
#    year: 2009
#  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
#    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
#    year: 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:mariapangoli@hotmail.com'  
# - icon: instagram
#   icon_pack: fab
#   link: https://instagram.com/

# Uncomment below for Github link
#- icon: github
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://github.com/gcushen

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
#email: ""
---
 My name is Maria.

I am a travel and tourism specialist and parallel to my carrer I developed an interest in visual arts especially involving the use of materials that can be molded in three dimensions. I work in a variety of mediums and with various techniques and I translates reality by re-elaborating images via my art.

My work describes my state of mind in a specific moment and at the same time I finds encourgement to put life into perspective.

In the past my work has been chosen by the global company adidas and exhibited in their store in Covent Garden, London, 10,000 copies of the  Bristol Pound poster I designed have been distributed in the UK, and my artwork ‘Europe’ was exhibited at the European Parliament in Brussels.

I am open to meningful exchange an collaboration, get in touch!

Ciao, Maria
